Hi sir, Today's Status Update:
I have learnt how to fetch our API endpoint and get the JSON payload in the project in nextjs and i am having one task in
Html,css,js,bootstrap.In that project i have to create user dashboard and admin dashboard with edit and delete buttons of
register users.Without using frameworks i have to complete this using bootstrap,html,css and js.so i am working on that sir.


Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have implementing pagination in that html,css task sir.and I am working on nodejs project, in that i am using custom
handling error response. For that i am using middlewares,so the middleware catch all the errors we passed to the next variable,
fo that have changed the catch blog with next(err).so instead of repeating the response i am using this.and next i will learn to
build nestjs project sir.

Regards,
Auxilia

Claritaz TechLabs LLP

Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have implementing json web token in both registraion page and login page using userschema methods. and i have implementing
reset password api and forgot password api and i have attended nodejs query session in afternoon.

Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have started working on nodejs concepts and backend connection with database.I have recalled every concepts and how the nodejs
how the data fetching works in api and all. Authentication and authorization checking and own custom error handlers
using middlewares i have checked protected routes to check json web token.


Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have started working on nodejs concepts and backend connection with database.I have recalled every concepts and how the data
fetching works in api and all.Authentication and authorization checking and own custom error handlers using middlewares i have
checked sir. and using protected routes i was checking json web token sir.

Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have implementing forgot password api using send grid smtp nodemailer.In auth middleware i have added authorization bearer
token as header and got the response.In reset password i have hashed the token and save it in databse using crypto module.
for reset password expire i have done that for ten mins.While doing that i am not receiving mail sir, so i am checking on it.

Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have implementing forgot password api sir, in that api i can be able to send and receive the password reset mail link.
i am using send grid email services to send email notifications rerouting to that link.For reset password api ,i recreated
the token and search for the user that has same token in the database.so, that user i can set the new password.its working fine sir.

Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have reviewing my nodejs authentication project which has forgot password, and reset password link in there with authorization
bearer token.and i have started working on nodejs project with nestjs framework.how it's used in the modern javascript technologies.
so i have going through the concepts object oriented programming, functional programming for the project sir.

Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have implementing nodejs project using nestjs with create read update application.In this i have implementing all the student 
details logic using crud with dto's and decorators.In this project i have followed model view controllers architecture.All the logics
are in services folder and all request and responses in controllers.And i have used typescript language in this project sir.

Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have created a project with sequelize orm using nodejs,mysql.In this i have implemented the connection part, and the model creation and data
types part.and i teach freshers some basic concepts of nodejs, server connection and mongoose connection details.and i have to implement
the sequelize project with products,reviews in that sir.
In this project i have learnt what is sequelize: it is the technique that maps the software object to database.
it supports multiple databases. with ORM, switching databases done by ORM itself.
Mysql db connection: const sequelize=new Sequelize({database,username,password,dialect:"mysql"});
then we have to test the connection using .authentication();
ive learnt to create a model using .define();
then mapping the model to db using.sync();
using .bulkCreate ive created notes and tags.
Then get request-.findAll(); post request -.create(); put request - findByPk() and .update()
delete request:findByPk() and .destroy();
from that i have learnt how the sequelize code working in nodejs and expressjs.


Hi sir,Today's Status Update:
I have implementing this project using sequelize orm with product controllers and review controllers.Using this i can able to send the data
in routes and view the data's in database.Meanwhile i am doing this i am getting four times blue screen error in my system sir, i have informed
it to mani, its happening continuously for past one week.so he told me to download the documents sir.so i am downloading the documents. 
and working on the project simultaneously sir.



